Brief

Phone Delivery
-Cutomer has just bought phone
-Customer chooses the delivery checkbox
-Customer validates that his correct address is on account
-System notifies Customer that the product will be delivered in one day.
-Customer agrees to terms and conditons of delivery
-Customer recieves package next day by Courier

Casual-

Phone Delivery-
The Buyer has just bought a phone online. The Buyer chooses delivery type of courier delivery. The Buyer has to book the next day off work as he
wants to be at home to play with his brand new phone. The Buyer is up early the next morning. Courier arrives at his house at 9 o clock.
The Buyer signs the electronic device. The Buyer proceeds to open and start up his new device

Phone Insurance-
Customer is at a wedding and has a bit too much to drink. Customer wakes up next morning and cant find hsi phone. Customer rings 
Phone Spec HeadQuarters with a friends phone. Customer gives security details. Replacement phone is sent to customers address for next 
day delivery.


Fully dressed First version. code horror
PhoneSpec Use Case 1.4 Phone Delivery 
Goal in Context: Requestor wants phone delivered to home address.

Stakeholders and interests
   Requestor: Wants phone delivered
   Phone Spec Company: Wants to have phone delivered in 24 hours to adhere to company policy and reputation
   Courier: Wants to get paid for deliveries.

Primary Actor: The user – Has ordered the phone and now must choose delivery type
Preconditions: The user must have an account and must be logged into the account and must have purchased a phone
Post conditions: The user’s phone has been delivered to address on users account

Trigger: Requestor wants phone deliverd instead of collection


Main Success Scenario:
1.	User selects phone for delivery
2.	User is notified that there is an extra charge for delivery rather than collection 
3.	User agrees to extra charge.
4.	User confirms address.
5.	User is bought to the page for confirmation of item delivered.
6. System notfies courier of item for delivery
7.System sends customer address details to courier
8.	Product arrives at address next day
Alternative Flows:
	Incorrect address/doesn’t agree to charge
1.	User provides an incorrect address.
2.	Systems returns message of incorrect address corresponding to one used to set up account
3.	User doesn’t agree to delivery charge.
4.	User is brought back to optional selection of delivery or collection.




Fully Dressed- After textual analysis 

PhoneSpec Use Case 1.4 Phone Delivery
Goal in Context: Requestor wants phone delivered to chosen address.

Stakeholders and interests
   Requestor: Wants phone delivered
   Phone Spec Company: Wishes to have phone delivered in 24 hours to adhere to company policy and reputation.
   Courier:Checks phone and customer details in Invenotory.
   
Precondition:Phone purchased.
Success Guarantees:Requestor has Phone,correct budget ready to be debited.
Primary Actor: Customer – Has ordered the phone and now must choose delivery type
Trigger: Requestor wants phone deliverd instead of collection


Main Success Scenario:
1.	Customer selects phone for delivery.
2.System sends a request to Courier.
3.Courier initates a search in their Inventory.
4.System checks Inventory based on Couriers Search.
5. System returns a result to Courier.
6.	Courier matches the phone oredered to the Customers name and products serial number
7.	Courier confirms phone to be delivered to Customer.
8.	Phone arrives at address next day.
9.  Customer confirms Phone has been delivered
Alternative Flows:
1	Customer selects collection instead of Delivery.
1b.     System confirms collection method. System ends process.

3.	Customer doesn’t agree to delivery charge.
3b.Customer will have to start process again


